Changing the name of function for sklearn compatibility. (#388)
braindecode/braindecode: docs/whats_new.rst

API changes
~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Renaming the name of the function `get_params` to `get_augmentation_params` in :class:`braindecode.augmentation.base` and in all the function inside :class:`braindecode.augmentation.transforms`. Make Transform module cloneable for scikit-learn (:gh:`388` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_ and `Alex Gramfort`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renaming the method `get_params` to `get_augmentation_params` in augmentation classes. This makes the Transform module compatible with scikit-learn cloning mechanism (:gh:`388` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_ and `Alex Gramfort`_)
```
